DOCSP-11498: explain compatibility matrix (#670)
mongodb/docs-ecosystem: source/about-compatibility.txt

.. _about-driver-compatibility:

============================
MongoDB Compatibility Tables
============================

We include compatibility tables for each version of the driver to guide
your decisions on what versions you need to ensure your environment
remains fully operational.

We maintain the following tables for each driver:

- :ref:`MongoDB compatibility <mongodb-compatibility-tables>`
- :ref:`Language compatibility <language-compatibility-tables>`

Read the sections below for detailed explanations of each table.

.. _mongodb-compatibility-tables

MongoDB Compatibility Tables
----------------------------

In the **MongoDB Compatibility** tables, the columns are labeled with
versions of MongoDB server and the rows are labeled with major release
versions of the driver.

The check marks (✓) indicate that the driver can access **all the
features** of that specific version of MongoDB server unless those features 
have been deprecated or removed. 

If you are upgrading your server or driver version, you can use this table
to identify the following:

- version of the driver you need to access all the newest features
  included in that version of the server

> - versions of the drivers tested against versions of the server

Reviewer: What do we mean by "tested" here. Is it "MongoDB currently tests" or somesuch? Or is it more like "this driver version would pass all integration tests with this server version"?

Author: Last time I spoke with people on the drivers teams (though not all were present), they mentioned they were tested with those versions, but not necessarily using evergreen nor are they still tested. I'm guessing all the point releases get tested, but maybe not with the same versions of server. Maybe I'll leave it out for now and convert this into a sentence rather than a list of one.

.. note:: 
   
   Although the drivers do not advertise compatibility with the versions of

>    the server released after them, they are usually inter-operable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the server released after them, they are usually interoperable.
```

Author: Originally had this, but my spellchecker liked inter-operable better. Double-checked and looks like I can use the single-word version

Avoid using older versions of the drivers that do not appear on the chart

> because they are not supported.

Reviewer: nit: A single sentence that follows a note/figure at the end of a section tends to feel a bit lost or out of place IMO. Maybe we could move this into an `.. important::` or bump it up above the note somewhere?

Author: Ok. I haven't heard this feedback before, but can reorder sections. I also want to avoid two admonitions in a row if possible.
